OK, so we have covered all the panel and but written things still now few are left.
So we're going to be covering in this part only.
We will be concluding basically the application by this video.
OK, so we have created all the bad news for playing that game.
We have scored probation panel, a separate dedicated thing for names of the player and the scores of
the player.
And in this, we are going to play the chances you can see everything is working perfectly fine and.
I suppose we want to make a plan, so we will try.
OK, so the dialog box appears saying that FedEx missed an RV after clicking OK, that's for should
be OK, so it is updated.
So the functioning of the game are by five working fine.
We have everything like actually snow sanitize with every button.
Seven.
These are basically but this thing is we can see that we are making out about 10.
Oh, so we have two more things left to do.
We have to set like reset the game again.
Only after that, the score should be updated for the next.
So currently that is OK.
So that scoreboard is updating again and again for next.
This should not be the way for it.
We have to first reset the game and then again, start playing, and then only those four should be
updated.
OK, so before we have covered most of the part like suppose it is like 90 percent of the programming
section is covered by FOX.
Now, the little more things that are left to be like based in the function are like notes and process.
Plus, of course, the reset button and exit button, which will be responsible for escaping through
this application.
So we are going to cover this in this part only.
So yes.
So this is the 14th panel in that roll off all the 15 grid firing built to today grid layout, and this
panel is for that, he said.
But then let me show you, yes, this is the reset button and it is located at the 14th panel in the
consecutive rows of all the 15 panels.
So this is the life line model and then the old styling for the reset panel and like, continue into
this.
I am going to add a zip button and that the button is going to be named as button reset and it is going
to be a new day button.
So calling it does.
Yes, it comes in the finishes and the string should be passed as what should be displayed on the button.
So you want to set the string as we set off what we want to set the button as we said.
So researchers say OK.
So they said it said that text was reset in the 14th panel.
We are successful in naming the button.
Now the next concern should be adding a action list next to the beeping reset.
So I think action listener and our new action is going to be a tagged inside action listeners.
So calling in as that only so action listener and OK.
So it is not like this only.
Actually not end up.
Calling for action last night is a function of force inside this action last night.
We are going to initialize a public void action performed function.
So public void action performed.
Action performed is the name of the function.
We are like initializing and inside this function.
That argument is action event.
We are all we have already used this event in our program, so the suggestions are showing us that.
OK, so the function is created now inside the function.
We are going to set like what is actually going to happen when the reset button is all over the blocks?
Maybe up to zero.
Let's suppose this is the stage of the program.
So when we click Reset, the program is set on this stage only no more changes just now, saying the
chances of the players will get banished and the scores will remain same.
Only these nine things are going to set to null.
So for every bit, then we are going to set the external.
And this is just a simple thing.
Nothing is so complex about this.
I am going to copy this like, OK, so this was written one and it goes from Britain component, and
I am going to copy it further.
Suppose it more votes three, four, five, six, seven and eight.
Perfect.
So we have competed for.
Total of how many times one, two three four, five, six seven, okay.
It was only seven times, though more times now, replacing her three, four and up to nine.
We are sitting on the nine blocks to null after this so that our new game window should open and the
player should get a chance to play again and make her make their schools better, of course.
So, OK, we are setting everything to null after this and like the similar thing we have done above.
So I am going to call food from there only.
This is like we have said, no, we are just going to remove the private in order to not to read declared
anything again.
OK, so I am going to paste it here and remove all the private.
We do not need any private, so as we have already declared in more than enough, calling it as private
or public again, if this globally declared above, so no need to declare it cancel in order to remove
it now.
Former thing it.
And we are done with setting all the buttons like the action is that it is attached with the reset button
and after attaching events like actions to the buttons reset button.
And this is going to happen, then we click the reset button.
Now I added a bit of styling to the reset button.
I like the font, the name, it's the whole map.
The font size is going to be 22.
It is bold offers and up.
One panel 14 is to be added with this.
Then they said, Now let's try to run the program and check that the weather the reset button is yes,
it is actually here.
Now let's take a look that there is actually this.
If so, OK, so Blair Rex won the game.
Congratulations.
Now scores are updated and now on clicking Reset.
Everything is managed, so it is perfect now that is OK.
So it is automatically updating the scores of the day, so we will take a look into it.
Firstly, we will be adding gold like we had already set conditions for the 14 panels.
Now only the 15th panel is left.
Of course.
Then what the 15th panel is?
Yes, it is the exit button, so the window should be skipped as far as we can see.
Connected button.
So now we think the exit button and in order to get that button, we firstly have to create a J Panel
panel slash under scored 15 and this is going to give us a new burn notice, which will be solely containing
that exist button.
Yes.
So a new independent panel is the company of the swing library.
So yes.
OK, so this page should be capital.
OK, so the final 15 is created, and now we are going to add tags, cartoons and events inside this
pen.
OK, so the 15th panel is completed with our done action event attached to the button and the string
inside that button is going to be Eggsy.
And this button is as far as I can see that it is not similar to the bit in the sense, but only the
actions involved inside this pen is different.
And what are the actions?
And also, let's take a look.
So when we click this exit button on the panel, the frame will exit and it if a statement is like it,
then inside it J8 option pane.
So confirm dialog frame.
And yes, I can show you confirm you want to exit.
So this confirmation dialog box will appear.
Asking for that?
Do you actually want to exert again?
There are two buttons attached with a yes button and a button, and that is what actually like placed
inside this action event.
We are going to ask the user for the confirmation, and there will be two buttons that bad.
Yes, no option.
We are using option pen component of this ringer library and we are going to ask the user for a yes
and no option, and we have to write a separate code for these.
Yes and no.
We have already put the things in our library.
We have to not do like buttons, separate agency style them on the show.
Just go all day option been daunting as an option and you will be of it this time.
OK, so after completing this, the system will exit lit up like null.
This zero is for null falls and leaving X application.
We will be escaping to the window with this action.
So this action is.
I still have no confirmation if we are pressing yes on the confirmation or no.
So we will exit the window.
And if the press know, then we will remain in that window only.
There is no separate line of code written for that.
We are only setting conditions for making this button.
So after this, we are going to down styling also to the exit button.
So I am going to copy this thing as there is no specific change inside number 10.
OK, so we are going to press this call.
OK, so we have pasted this styling ping for the 15th panel, also replacing 14 her with 15 written
make of dedicated standing for the 15th panel.
Now let's try and run the program.
So running down for knots and crosses class.
OK, so we have reset button.
OK, so there is some added we have to change.
The thing within this is no, this is routine.
So we don't exist.
Should be replaced as what the places we have placed a reset button to the fifteenth finance by mistake.
OK, so now try and run it again and see that it is working fine or not.
OK, so it is perfect.
It is working perfectly fine.
Till now, everything is correctly oriented inside the frame.
We have a panel of 15 buttons overall.
We have nine, but they good natured for the playing of the game like x zero x.
And if we're specific, there means that China will surpass pressing.
That score will be updated on taking eggs again, the reset and on making bags.
It worked and our confirmation dialog box office.
And if they click yes on this, then we will escape through this window.
We called System Dark Exit to zero and mechanic yes, and we exited the application successfully.
So by far, we have covered everything inside the application.
This is a completely functioning website like application we call it, and this application will be
able to teach you the concept of Java.
And we have used extensively the swing and the WTA toolkits off Java.
So yes, this application will make you able in understanding the concept, the string and a number
of things.
Like me, I've used everything live one option open button, text free and namely everything.
Really, we have used up most of the components inside the swing.
I need W.T. toolkit, so everything is going to be made clear in your mind.
I've been making this application, so I will insist you all to make this application on your own from
scratch in your compilers by installing the latest JDK.
And after this, I am sure that you all are going to build up a good grasp, java, its libraries,
the swing and the toolkit and everything around this.
So ending this project on a good note and thanking you all for joining this project learning session
and try this on your own.
Thank you.
Have a good day.